hello everyone its Elena and I'm back
with another video and today we're gonna
be reading my heat Commons yeah let's do
it
you just called me poor ugly dumb and
unsuccessful in seven different
languages
I can't well I can't even speak seven
different languages but hey these old
colleges should go back to being all man
like they were built for woman have
their own Oxbridge colleges all they are
doing is taking places away from men
it's just not fair
yeah it must be really hard that the
patriarchy is crumbling now how are you
all holding up there but seriously um
like why do you think what's in your
pants qualifies you for university plays
it doesn't I went through a process of
getting into my university and my
college which looked at you know what's
in my brain what do I think um how do I
think how intelligent am i how am I
going to perform in a course at Oxford
or Cambridge
it didn't look at am i a girl that
didn't matter
and you know why because it doesn't
matter at all for studying law what
matters is how committed you are how are
you gonna persevere in that course and
you know what's in your pants really
doesn't define that hate to break it to
you why do you keep switching the accent
just don't try so hard it's so awkward
and unauthentic well I love did you
think I can control this but I actually
learned English from people who were
British from people who were American
people who were Canadian people who are
Australian lots of people and that's why
my accent keeps changing and you know
what I'm really not sorry for it because
it just shows that I'm from an
international background and honestly I
think it's actually pretty cool but
sorry you think it's enough entick it's
actually just me so fake wake up time
fake famine eel next to bookcase fake
clothing hmm seems nothing even remotely
similar to actual law students who have
graduated whatever
please block silence my comments and
analysis is emizner important than
authenticity to you but as a law student
you're already
wow this person seems to have some
serious issues with people who went to
law school why is it because your lawyer
couldn't find a loophole in your prenup
it was a rabbit get over it sometimes
you don't know I lost my rabbit and um
my rabbit had been with me for half of
my life and you know what no I'm gonna
get over it whenever I'm ready to get
over it and my rabbit was really really
important for me and was frankly the I
just person that I would turn to when
things were really not going well for me
in my childhood and there were a lot of
points in my childhood where that was
the case and um so you know what no stop
telling me it was just a rabbit or
whatever it was for me um like a person
and I trusted that person a lot so yeah
it really hurt me to lose her and I'm
still very very sad about that and you
commenting that it's not gonna help me
get over it it's just gonna make me sad
so thank you so much honey you don't
take this the wrong way but your teeth
are disturbingly disgusting you should
consider getting braces it will help you
a lot in the future smiley face I'm not
sure if there's a right way to take this
comment um also why would it help me in
the future is it gonna get me a job if I
have better teeth no so I guess the only
implication is I have to be pretty
because I should meet a man or I guess a
woman who could then pay for my life or
what how else would it help me in the
future I'm really struggling to see the
point here also thanks so much for
calling my chief disturbingly disgusting
I'm still trying to figure out how there
is a way to take this the right way
haven't found it yet you must be the
worse and shittiest student ever
well my teachers would disagree it's I
guess obvious that your pants are Rich's
isn't it um well you know more than
I do I guess and my single mom if you
know where our hidden money is let us
know we would love to find it so much
brightening and so little doing actually
what the video says oh just look what I
do it came
which shows studying for 16 hours no
classes no anything PS waking up at 4
a.m. and studying 12 hours a day still
not showing off and putting an etiquette
for the sake of it okay I'm struggling
to understand the second paragraph this
comment um but you know what here's what
I do at Cambridge study it's a
university degree hate to break it to
you it consists of studying and yeah Law
School is a lot of work and if you don't
put in the work you're not going to make
it in law school sorry honey also I did
actually show my lectures which are
classes maybe watch my video before you
trash it in the comment section your
parents must be loaded Louie Vuitton
bags MacBook iPad iPhone forgot Louie
Vuitton card holder well my parents
aren't loaded and the reason I have
designer bags of whatever is because I
paid for them myself with jobs that I
had over the summer or money that I made
for things like for example social media
my parents also didn't pay for things
like my iPad or my computer or things
like that you know why because I paid
for these myself with my own money and I
earned but thank you so much for just
assuming that my parents would pay
fertile they would never and in
hindsight I probably would spend some of
my money differently but a lot of these
things I bought when I was around 16 at
the end of the day I am proud of myself
for you know managing to make that much
money through things like tutoring like
taking jobs at summer cares for children
things like that so yeah I think it's
actually a reflection of the fact that I
worked hard and that I didn't just get
everything from my parents but hey
thanks for just assuming that University
Feeny could be used to get those teeth
fixed I guess it could but I'd rather
have an education your life is studying
that's so sad
please take a breath actually I really
like my life but thanks does she have
friends or any social life because I
only see library library library and
more library that's not living I do my
friend
and I do have a social life and you know
what not all of them want to be on
camera and that's totally fine I choose
to put a lot of my life online but not
everybody wants that and a lot of people
actually want to remain quite private
and anonymous on the Internet and I
respect that and I don't put my friends
you know just in front of my camera to
show people that I have a social life I
have nothing to prove to people so yeah
respect your friends privacy kids do get
a job I actually can't because the
contract I signed if my university says
that I'm not allowed to work while I'm
at university and soda woke brainwashing
begins
they were brokers because men forced
them to wear it it simply isn't a choice
in most of Islam and for most of them so
this comment came in because I talked
about a book that I was reading about
woman who talked about their
relationship with their religion which
wasn't song and you know what I love
about this book that woman who are
Muslim tell their own story because
people like this person who made this
comment just project their stereotypes
off the religion on to them if they wear
a religious dress or if they wear a
hijab or a burqa and they just assume
that they have been forced to do it and
you know what I think people just
assuming things about others religions
without having a lot of knowledge about
the individual person it's frankly not
fair so if I could give the person who
made that comment one recommendation
it's read that book I linked it for you
any of the books below in case you want
to educate yourself who you ugly Thanks
the guys who super like me and tinder
didn't think so Laura Lee has entered a
chat no cuz Laura Lee cried because she
was a racist yeah she wasn't really the
person who should have been crying at
that position you know what I cried
because a lot of trauma I experienced in
my childhood came up when I went to
university in my first year and it
really hit me pretty hard and I was
honest about that no scared exactly if
people like you judging me for it so
thank you so much for confirming that
there are people like that out there
brought why does she make people look so
poor so often
I'm sorry um if me a child of a single
mum someone who's on to scholarships at
University and who works in making extra
money for social media makes you think
that they want to make you look for it
sounds like a you problem
you're done well sometimes I think so
too
like when I push in it says pull on the
door but generally I think I'm actually
doing pretty well for myself given that
I hold the human rights intensive study
certificate from Stanford University and
I'm a law student at the University of
Cambridge just saying the only nice
thing you have is your hands but in
general you're pretty pathetic a lot of
Chanel but your skin is awful and I
don't even tell you about your teeth
well you just told me about my teeth
yeah thanks for telling me I am pathetic
I actually like to think I'm just me um
but yeah I'm sorry
it seems so offensive to you that I
don't conform to your beauty standard
yeah that makes me really sad I must be
losing sleep over that look at her teeth
yeah look at them guys that's what it
looks like to just you know be natural
sorry if that offends you sorry if it's
offensive to you that this is the way my
body naturally is and that I had no
control over um but you know what I find
it really concerning I guess that people
are suggesting I would just die get your
teeth fix or whatever first of all this
is a cosmetic issue it's nothing of a
medical issue because I don't have any
medical problems with it so yeah if I
would just use my health insurance for
that I'll basically be scanning them
because I'll be telling them it's for a
medical issue but there is no medical
issue um so I would actually pave it as
myself and yeah I would rather use my
money and put it in things like my
education revered and putting it into my
looks because I'm not bothered by them
and I'm not gonna spend thousands of
dollars because you're bothered by it so
yeah those are my hate comments
lovely comments right that's it for this
video and I hope you guys enjoy me
getting roasted in my comment section
and if you guys would like to have a
study buddy next week I will be doing
live streams again I will put all the
times down below but it's basically just
live study with me sessions so if you
just want to sit down with someone and
it's a bit more like a library because
there's someone studying with you then
those videos are for you
so yeah thank you so much for watching
have a nice day bye